Bahram/system requirements (#295)
foxglove/docs: changelog/v2.6.0.mdx

      <li>Fixed a bug where [Global Variables](/docs/visualization/variables/) were being initialized as a string containing two quotes (`"\"\""`)</li>
      <li>Fixed an issue with opening items from the recent list in multiple windows</li>
      <li>Fixed an issue where series in the Plot panel with auto-assigned colors would change color when another series was removed</li>

>       <li>Fixed an issue where uploading and then deleting a recording with a `key` (e.g. `abc`) via the `/data` [REST API](https://docs.foxglove.dev/api#tag/Recordings/paths/~1data~1upload/post) prevented uploading another recording with the same key ever again</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Fixed an issue where uploading and then deleting a recording with a [`key`](https://docs.foxglove.dev/docs/primary-sites/self-hosting/manage-data/#prevent-duplication-with-idempotency-keys) via the `/data` [REST API](https://docs.foxglove.dev/api#tag/Recordings/paths/~1data~1upload/post) prevented uploading another recording with the same key ever again</li>
```

Does this change actually have to do with the REST API? I'm not sure it was restricted to that?

Author: How would one upload a recording with a `key` without using the API?
